Update README.md (#645)
martincostello/website: README.md

This project is licensed under the [Apache 2.0](https://github.com/martincostello/website/blob/main/LICENSE) license.

> ## Building and Testing (Windows)

Reviewer: The build script uses PowerShell 7, so is applicable to Windows, macOS and Linux.

```suggestion
## Building and Testing
```

> Download the source code (by clicking 'clone' and 'Download zip' above)
> Extract the downloaded file and navigate into the extracted folder.
> Open Powershell there and enter the following commands to build and test the website:
> 
> ```powershell
> ./build.ps1

Reviewer: Using Git to clone the site is easier than explaining how to use the GitHub UI to download and unpack a ZIP.

```suggestion
To build and test the website run the following commands from your terminal of choice:

```powershell
git clone https://github.com/martincostello/website.git
cd website
./build.ps1
```
